
Get off at queens park station – 700 University Ave, Intact Financial Corp ask for Joanna

Values people, engaged and contribute your best.
Tell me about yourself
Im a computer science graduate specializing in software engineering. Previously I’ve worked as a jr developer and right now im a math teacher teaching adv functions. I enjoy being outdoors. Love to hike, camp, fish. When I’m indoors I like to be on the computer. On my free time I’ve developed.

Computer science - Software engineering
Math teacher
Jr developer
On my free time – do outdoor activities
Work out. Spend time with friends

Strengths
Problem solver
Natural Leader


Weakness
I stay on the computer too much. Affects my health
Too reliant on technology

Why choose intact?
First biggest



Strength
Great problem solving skills
Leadership
Cadet field training exercise
Weakness
- Too relient on technology
- Spend too much time on the computer. Bad for my health.

Why did you choose FDM?
FDM provides me with the necessary training. FDM also valued people, and promotes a friendly environment. The trainers are helpful.

Why do you want to work at intact?
The biggest thing that appeals to me is intact values people.
Living our Values: respect, excellence and socially responsible.
•	“Feel the sense of satisfaction that comes with achieving great results and working with inspiring people” – ties in with my highschool course flash game. As well as inspiration award.
Committed to building happier and healthier communities
thing is the work environment, intact values people
engaged and contribute your best.

How I can make a difference
•	Your passion for meaningful work
•	Your desire to work for a values-driven organization
•	Your drive to be better and better at what you do
•	Your commitment to use your energy and knowledge to contribute to the success of your company


What do you know about intact?
11,000 employees
Intact Financial Corporation is the leading provider of property and casualty insurance in Canada



What is your ideal company to work for?
-	My ideal company is one that values team environment. I want to be a part of a  company that meshes well together.

Where do you see yourself in 3-5 years
Ideally I’d like to see myself in a managerial position, and at a company where I can build a career out of.

Do you have any questions to ask us?
-	What is the single most difficult task that new developers face when joining intact?
